Update limitations.md (#1741)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apm/limitations.md

## OpenTelemetry logs [apm-open-telemetry-logs-intake]

> * The OpenTelemetry logs intake throgh the [APM Server](/solutions/observability/apm/upstream-opentelemetry-collectors-language-sdks#apm-open-telemetry-proxy-apm) is in technical preview. Note that logs ingest through the [EDOT Collector](opentelemetry://reference/edot-collector) or the [Managed OTLP endpoint](/solutions/observability/get-started/quickstart-elastic-cloud-otel-endpoint) is fully supported. {applies_to}`product: preview`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The OpenTelemetry logs intake through the [APM Server](./solutions/observability/apm/upstream-opentelemetry-collectors-language-sdks.md#apm-open-telemetry-proxy-apm) is in technical preview. Note that logs ingest through the [EDOT Collector](opentelemetry://reference/edot-collector/index.md) or the [Managed OTLP endpoint](./solutions/observability/get-started/quickstart-elastic-cloud-otel-endpoint.md) is fully supported. {applies_to}`product: preview`
```

Author: Already fixed that in the next commit!
